feat: add new constraint values to dialog size props (#1897)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: .changeset/calm-suns-burn.md

---
'@commercetools-frontend/application-components': minor
---

> Adds the new constraint options, added to UI-Kit, to the size prop of ConfirmationDialog, FormDialog and InfoDialog compoments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for the new horizontal constraint options from UI-Kit to the `size` prop of `<ConfirmationDialog>`, `<FormDialog>`, and `<InfoDialog>` components.
```

We can also link to the PR in uikit, so that people can look it up if they need to.
